docs: Add product docs for screenshots (#5831)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/common/enriching-events/screenshots.mdx

Additionally, screenshots appear in the "Attachments" tab, where you can view all attachments, as well as associated events. Click the event ID to open the **Issue Details** page of that specific event.

![Screenshots List Example](screenshots/screenshot-list-example.png)

> You can get an overview of all the screenshots associated with the events in your issue by clicking the "Screenshots" tab under the "Attachments" tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see an overview of all the screenshots associated with the events in your issue by clicking "Screenshots" in the "Attachments" tab.
```
